Adding ERGA EAR post (#2769)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/news/2024-09-19-erga-ear/index.md

<div align="center">

> <a href="https://usegalaxy.eu/root?tool_id=toolshed.g2.bx.psu.edu%2Frepos%2Fbgruening%2Ferga_ear%2Fmake_ear%2F24.08.26%20galaxy0"><button type="button" class="btn btn-primary btn-lg">Check ERGA Assembly Reporting Tool in Galaxy</button></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://usegalaxy.eu/root?tool_id=make_ear"><button type="button" class="btn btn-primary btn-lg">Check ERGA Assembly Reporting Tool in Galaxy</button></a>
```

Use the unversioned tool ID, this way you always get the latest version.

</div><br>

> ![alt text](EAR.png)

Reviewer: Please fill in the alt-text here. Describe the image in this text in a way people that can not see the image understand it.
